
Nature Explore Trek is Nepal government and Nepal tourism board an authorized outdoor adventure company established since 2015. We have been organizing since the company established numbers of Trekking, Tour, Peak climbing, Upper and Lower Great Himalayan Trail route, and Expedition. We are a professional team dedicated to providing quality service to our customers. We always offer reliable and provide quality service. Our customer satisfaction is our main motto so we always focus on our duty. 
Our Guide Team is very professional and has been working in this field for a long time. Most of our guides are native to the Himalayan range like Mount Everest and Mt. Annapurna region. Our guides are well trained and participate in several training programs such as first aid kit, Wildlife program, and Kathmandu environment cleaning project, (KEEP), Basic climbing technique skills, and many more. We know how to take care of our guests very well in each and every trekking and mountaineering route in Nepal, Tibet - Kailash, and Bhutan. Nature Explore Trek is a reliable and trusted locally based Travel Company in Nepal since 2015. 
We provide the best service among many other agencies. What we can deliver in the mountains from offer prices exact same things we tell our customers from the beginning to end of their stay in Nepal. Others speak more and do less. All adventure and outdoors lovers from around the globe come to Nepal for adventure and domestic activities, which will give you a lifetime experience with the great experience of Trekking, Peak climbing, and Mountaineering.

 Popular Trekking   Destinations in Nepal. 
Annapurna region 
The Annapurna region is one of the most popular trekking and peak climbing destination in west region of Nepal. Known for magnificent mountains vistas, diverse landscapes and fascinating culture experience. The Annapurna offers a several trekking and climbing routes suitable for both beginners and experienced trekkers. The   Most popular trekking route an Annapurna is  including  Annapurna basecamp trek and Annapurna circuit trek which leads to trekkers heart of Annapurna mountains.  This popular trekking route offers beautiful Himalayas view, snowcaps peaks, lush valley, natural waterfalls, and traditional local villages and their daily basic lifestyle making the Annapurna region a dream destination for all adventure seekers from around the world today. 

Popular Trekking routes in Annapurna region:
1.	Annapurna basecamp Trek 
2.	Annapurna circuit Trek 
3.	Ghorepani Poonhill Trek
4.	Khopra dada khayer lake Trke 
5.	Mardi Himal Trek 
6.	Tilicho lake  Trek 

Everest Region 
Mount Everest or Everest region in Nepal is most popular Mountneering and trekking destination in Nepal. Located in eastern part of Nepal border with Tibet, China. Mount Everest, home of the highest peak in the world. This region offers several trekking routes including Everest basecamp trek. Everest basecamp trek is very popular trekking routes in the world. Most of the adventure seekers love to do this trek once in their lifetime for great experience of trekking and adventure hike near to the Mount Everest. Along the way travelers shall cross several local Sherpa villages, fertile farming land, waterfalls, Suspensions Bridge, domestic animals, wildlife, flora and fauna and snow-peaks, Hills, charming people, reach culture, and religions. Moreover, the trek offers a unique glimpse into the Sherpa culture and the opportunity to witness the stunning Khumbu glacier.  
Mount Everest region is the perfect destinations for those who want to explore the big Himalaya from close destination and explore the reach Sherpa culture and visit old monasteries, museum, and Sagarmatha national park. 

Popular Trekking routes in Everest region:
1.	Everest Basecamp Trek 
2.	Everest view Trek 
3.	Everest basecamp with Gokyo lake Trek 
4.	Everest three pass Trek 
5.	Gokyo lake Trek 
6.	Gokyo  Renjola pass Trek 
7.	Ama Dablam basecamp trek 

Langtang Region:
Langtang region is 147km north from capital city of Nepal, Kathmandu. Langtang region is lies in Langtang national park area.  Langtang valley is third popular trekking destination after the Mount Everest basecamp trek and Annapurna region.  The Langtang region is brilliant destinations for hikers, providing exciting mountains vistas and a fascinating culture experienced. In this area most popular trekking routes is Langtang valley trek, which will take you through the beautiful landscapes, old Tibetan village, and lush green forest.  Another popular trekking route in this area is Langtang valley with Gosainkunda lake trek, leading to the sacred remote lake of Gosainkunda. During this treks travels can see and explore the traditional Tibetan people settlement, their culture, landscapes, rhododendron and bamboo forest many more.  Langtang region is offer a perfect unique of natural beauty and cultural immersion making them unforgettable memorable trip in their lifetime. 

Popular Trekking routes in Langtang region in Nepal:
1. Langtang valley Trek 
2. Langtang valley with Gosainkunda lake Trek 
3. Tamang heritage trail Trek 
4. Helambu Trek 
5. Ganja la passTrek 

Peak climbing in Nepal 
Peak climbing in Nepal is another popular outdoor adventure activity in Nepal.  Peak climbing in Nepal is breathtaking adventure that combines interesting landscapes with an inspiring challenge. In Nepal numbers of above 6000m high peaks is available for beginners to experienced climbers from around the world. From easy peak climbing to technic climbing peaks are standing in the Nepalese Himalayas range. More challenging peaks are Island peak, Mera peak, Lobuche east peak and Chulu west peak and Pisang peak are counted as difficulty and demanding peak.  Yala peak, Chulu east peak, Larke peak, Dampush peak, Tharpachuli peak is counted as less technic peak climbing in Nepal. Nepalese Himalayas caters to a wide range of mountneering. Seekers from around the world. The excursion to these peaks allows climbers to focus themselves in breathtaking Himalaya scenery, come – across fascinating culture, and test their physical and mental skills.  Peak climbing Nepal is required minimum proper preparation and professional guides. Peak climbing in Nepal is one of the most challenging but incredible stunning nature, culture, and personal achieve.  
Popular peaks in Nepal:
1.	Mera peak 
2.	Island peak 
3.	Lobuche east peak
4.	Chulu east peak 
5.	Chulu west peak 
6.	Yala peak 
7.	Thorong peak 
8.	Pisang peak 
9.	Larke peak 
10.	Pachermu peak 

Tours in Nepal 
Have you ever wondered about the holiday destination that can provide you diverse travel styles? Do you want to double the holiday investment in the form of multiple memories? Or are you in search of a destination that can host adventurous, cultural, sumptuous, religious, and leisurely sightseeing options? If yes, Nepal is an ideal destination. Nature Explore Trek offers quintessential Tours packages for the travelers to knit the beautiful holiday moments.
Nepal is the country of diverse geographical and cultural factors. The place is home of more than a hundred ethnic caste and holds the century old traditions intact till date. Life here is full of purity and serenity. Therefore, people traveling to this part of the world will feel an inner peace and solace. Moreover, the tour in Nepal endows spirituality, serenity, and regality all amalgamated together.
Come and visit this beautiful tiny Himalayan nation and tick off all the travel bucket list of the things that you may have!
Here are the few Tours packages that you can find in Nepal. All the itineraries of these tours packages are knitted by the expert travel planners of Nature Explore Trek.

  Kathmandu Durbar Square
-          Patan Durbar Square
-          Bhaktapur Durbar Square
-          Changunarayan
-          Pashupatinath
-          Bouddhanath
-          Swyambhunath
-          Lumbini
-          Chitwan National Park
-          Sagarmatha National Park
